all right so you know how AMD's laptops
are just crushing right now right they
have better value and performance than
what Intel's offering in a lot of their
devices and we've seen some really good
AMD laptops already but this just took
it to another level this is the Acer
Swift three it's a six hundred and fifty
dollar thin and light performance
machine not like ultra high performance
but it is very capable for the price
point so this is gonna be super popular
with students because they've done so
much right at a fair price point so it's
running these new AMD chips the 4700 you
one of those new Rison ones and it's got
a built-in GPU that's the vega seven a
very capable graphics chip that pushes
out frame rates that are just you just
don't see that with integrated graphics
before it's really cool so I'm just
going to go into the the one and only
negative I find about this product first
just to get it out of the way because if
this is like a deal-breaker for you you
can move on alright
this screen is a very mediocre screen
it's a 14 inch 1080p panel but it's not
very bright it's bright enough for most
people's regular use but if you use it
in a brightly lit environment or you
want to bring it outside you might have
some issues but the bigger problem is
color accuracy this is a very color
inaccurate screen everything seems to
have like a greenish tint to it I did
run the Spyder X on this panel to try to
calibrate it it can only do so much
though so if your workflow or hobbies
require you to have like good color
accuracy you might be disappointed with
this like if you're into like
photography or digital illustration or
video editing I would look at other
displays if you're gonna rely on this
thing as your main panel okay aside from
the screen though and I'm just putting
it out there that is the the one
weakness of this device if you're good
with that you'll probably like the rest
of this device okay keyboard good
keyboard not just for an inexpensive
device it's a solid typing experience
for any kind of laptop the arrow keys on
the bottom right here there's page up
page down keys it's nice to have
dedicated keys but if you're someone
who's not used to the positioning of
those you may accidentally hit them if
you're hitting left and right it is
something you get used to quite easily
and I think the overall keyboard
experience is solid there's a
fingerprint sensor on the bottom right
so you can login to it really quickly
through Windows hello and the trackpad
is its winners precision driver I think
all devices are these days
the surface material is smooth but it is
plastic so it doesn't have that ultra
premium feel that more expensive glass
trackpads might have but it's a good
overall trackpad and the click is it's a
clean mechanical click alright let's
talk about performance because that is
where the juice is this is running an
eight-core 4700 you from AMD and
multi-core performance is good like
really good for a device like this but
performance is limited because it's
running a 15 watt chip in a chassis
that's relatively small and the fan
noise is reasonable I actually think
they could have gone with the bigger or
a louder fan to just get slightly better
performance but they went with a quiet
fan and I think a lot of people will
appreciate that and in terms of gaming
performance this machine is surprisingly
capable I can play shooters like valance
and overwatch at near hundred frames per
second on this 1080p screen like granted
the graphics are lowered but you can't
do that with integrated graphics with
any Intel device it's actually really
really impressive of what's going on
here so if you're someone that's you
know you're a casual gamer this is a
great option and here's the other thing
if you can convince your parents to get
this thing like if your student and
you're like hey mom hey Dad here's a
$650 machine you don't mention the fact
that you can play games but you're like
I want this for school it's secretly
capable for lights gaming and I would've
been happy with this performance when I
was in university like if you think
about what you're getting here for 650
bucks it's quite impressive
think about the razor blade stealth from
last year the 2019 model that had an MX
150 and was like triple the price of
this and this gets better performance
than that just in terms of gaming
performance yeah that's the power of AMD
and this new Vegas 7 chip like the AP
that's inside these things ok to close
this off so the port's we have a decent
port selection it's got two USB as1 use
PC that can be used for charging does
use a barrel plug for regular charging
but you can use use PC if you need to in
a pinch and that's it for ports there's
no card readers or even a third USB a-ok
so build quality on this machine because
I didn't talked about this earlier it is
fully aluminum and surprisingly sturdy
it doesn't feel like ultra premium if I
had to be like critical and picky about
where there might be some shortcomings
or deficiencies I can't really find
anything like you
open the device with one finger if
that's something that really bothers you
like you do have to hold the bottom part
of it down to open it but overall bangin
okay let's show the inside just real
quick
you have good access to the internals
you can replace the SSD and the Wi-Fi
but they're both good like this is a PM
nine and one a super-fast
Samsung Drive 512 gigs I don't even know
how they're supplying this at 650 bucks
like I'm I've seen laptops that are
double this price that have crap your
drives on this it's also got the Wi-Fi
six like the new Intel card great Wi-Fi
card the RAM however is soldered on and
I don't think you can even upgrade it
beyond eight gigs you're stuck at eight
if that bothers you and the battery down
here is a fifty watt hour battery it's
like a six and a half seven hour battery
on my regular test I really would have
liked to have seen a longer battery life
it's a little bit short you do need to
bring the charger if you're bringing
this to school or work like it's uh it's
almost a full day but not quite compared
to like an XPS 13 those have some of the
longest battery lives out there this is
a little bit short it could be the chip
like the AMD chip but it's not drawn
crazy wattage I'm not sure what it is I
think it's just the battery size it's a
little bit short but yeah that's 650
bucks I'm okay with that
there's also speakers on the left and
right that sound way better than I
thought they would there are devices
again that are much more expensive that
sound worse than these so yeah happy
with the speaker's they do point down
like they're their bottom firing so if
you have them on your lap or something
they may not sound as clear but overall
good sound system overall good laptop I
think there's gonna be crazy popular
just because of its price point and what
you're getting for 650 bucks popular
with students popular for anyone who's
looking for a good value in a well-built
laptop the only compromise I feel like
they made was that screen so that's why
I mentioned it earlier in this video if
that's something that doesn't really
bother you that much and I feel like for
most people it shouldn't but if you're
picky then know don't get this thing but
otherwise it's got my recommendation
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subject it see you
guys next time
[Music]